:memo: add editor information (#78)
unimal-jp/spear: packages/spear-cli/README.md

};
```

> ## About Editor
> 
> Spear does not choose an editor.
> However, the following settings will allow you to develop comfortably.
> 
> ### Visual Studio Code
> 
> Please use `vscodeSettings.json` generated when the project is created.
> 
> ### JetBrains(IntelliJ, WebStorm, PhpStorm and so on.)
> 
> - Until the IntelliJ Plugin is ready, you will need to configure your own settings.
> - Follow the official documentation and configure it to recognize `.spear` as `.html`.
> 
> [Configure associations between filename patterns and file types](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/creating-and-registering-file-types.html#configure-associations-between-filename-patterns-and-file-types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Editor settings

Spear is a editor free tool.
However, you can use the following settings to have a better experience when coding in your favorite editor.

### Visual Studio Code

A default settings is created at `.vscode/settings.json` for better highlighting of the code, specially `.spear` files.

### JetBrains(IntelliJ, WebStorm, PhpStorm, etc)

While IntelliJ Plugin is under construction, there is a workaround for the editor to highlight `.spear` files at  [Configure associations between filename patterns and file types](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/creating-and-registering-file-types.html#configure-associations-between-filename-patterns-and-file-types)
```
